How to Play Immaculate Grid Men's Basketball
Select a player for each cell that matches the criteria for that cell’s row and column.
You have nine guesses to fill out the grid. Each guess, whether correct or incorrect, counts as a guess.
NEW: After nine guesses, the game will end and you will be given a score (number correct out of nine) and a rarity score (based on how obscure your answers were). If any of your guesses were incorrect, you can keep guessing after that but those guesses will not impact your score.
There is a new grid every day at 6:00am ET.
A player cannot be used twice.
Players may be active or inactive (NBA, ABA, or BAA).
For team and team cell: player must have played at least one game (in the regular season or playoffs) for both teams.
For team and award cell: The player must have won the award in a season he appeared for that team.
For team and season stat: The player must have recorded the stat while on that team. For players who played on multiple teams in a season, the stat must have been recorded with that team. For example, Rudy Gay scored 20.0 points per game in 2013-14, splitting the season between Toronto (19.4 PPG) and Sacramento (20.1 PPG). He would qualify as an overall season and with Sacramento, but he would not qualify for Toronto.
For team and career stat: The player who reached the career stat simply had to play for the team at any point. For example, Charles Barkley would match for 20,000 points with all three teams he played for (even though he did not score 20,000 points with any team individually) because he scored 23,757 career points.
For two stat/awards cells: The player did not necessarily need to accomplish the stats/awards in the same season. For example, Antoine Walker would qualify for a 10 TRB/G season and a 5 AST/G season even though he didn’t accomplish the feats in the same season.
1+ Block Per Game: No minimum minutes requirement. When paired with a team, 1 BLK/G must be achieved with that team in a single season. When paired with a school, must be achieved in an NBA season (not with the college). When paired with a non-team category, does not need to be in the same season.
1+ Steal Per Game: No minimum minutes requirement. When paired with a team, 1 STL/G must be achieved with that team in a single season. When paired with a school, must be achieved in an NBA season (not with the college). When paired with a non-team category, does not need to be in the same season.
10+ Rebounds Per Game: No minimum minutes requirement. When paired with a team, 10 TRB/G must be achieved with that team in a single season. When paired with a school, must be achieved in an NBA/BAA/ABA season (not with the college). When paired with a non-team category, does not need to be in the same season.
10+ Points Per Game: No minimum minutes requirement. When paired with a team, 10 PTS/G must be achieved with that team in a single season. When paired with a school, must be achieved in an NBA season (not with the college). When paired with a non-team category, does not need to be in the same season.
10000+ Rebounds: Player must have 10,000 rebounds in their career. When paired with a team, must have played at least one game with that team in their career. When paired with a school, must be achieved in the NBA/BAA/ABA (not with the college).
20+ Points Per Game: No minimum minutes requirement. When paired with a team, 20 PTS/G must be achieved with that team in a single season. When paired with a school, must be achieved in an NBA/BAA/ABA season (not with the college). When paired with a non-team category, does not need to be in the same season.
20000+ Points: Player must have 20,000 points in their career. When paired with a team, must have played at least one game with that team in their career. When paired with a school, must be achieved in the NBA/BAA/ABA (not with the college).
5+ Assists Per Game: No minimum minutes requirement. When paired with a team, 5 AST/G must be achieved with that team in a single season. When paired with a school, must be achieved in an NBA/BAA/ABA season (not with the college). When paired with a non-team category, does not need to be in the same season.
5000+ Assists: Player must have 5000 assists in their career. When paired with a team, must have played at least one game with that team in their career. When paired with a school, must be achieved in the NBA/BAA/ABA (not with the college).
All Star: Since 1951 (includes ABA All-Star Game). When paired with a team, must have been an All-Star in a season with that team. When paired with another category, does not need to be in the same season.
All-Rookie Team: Since 1963. When paired with a team, the player must have been named All-Rookie in a season with that team. When paired with a non-team category, does not need to be in the same season.
All‑NBA: Since 1949-50 (includes All-ABA). When paired with a team, the player must have been named All-NBA in a season with that team. When paired with a non-team category, does not need to be in the same season.
Born Outside US 50 States and DC: Player was born outside of the contiguous United States, Alaska, and Hawaii.
Defensive Player of the Year: Since 1982-83. When paired with a team, Defensive Player of the Year must be won with the team. When paired with another category, does not need to be in the same season. Awarded as Hakem Olajuwon Trophy since 2022-23.
Finals MVP: Since 1968-69 (includes ABA Playoffs MVP). When paired with a team, Finals MVP must be won with the team. When paired with another category, does not need to be in the same season. Also known as Bill Russell Finals Most Valuable Player.
First Round Draft Pick: Since 1947. Player must have played a game in the NBA, ABA, or BAA. When paired with a team, player may have either been drafted in the first round by that team or played at least one game with that team in their career. NBA Draft only.
Hall of Fame: Hall of Famers must be inducted (as individuals) into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame but can be inducted from any category (player, coach, builder, etc.). When paired with a team, the player must have played an NBA/BAA or ABA game for the team in question.
League Champ: Since 1950. When paired with a team, must have been on the postseason roster during the title-winning season (for ABA, must have appeared in the playoffs). When paired with a non-team category, does not need to be in the same season.
MVP: Regular season MVP only. Since 1955-56 (includes ABA MVP). When paired with a team, MVP must be won with the team. When paired with another category, does not need to be in the same season. Awarded as Michael Jordan Trophy since 2022-23.
Only One Team: Player must have played their entire career with a single franchise.
Played: Player played in the NBA, ABA, or BAA.
Rookie of the Year: Since 1952-53 (but includes unofficial winners from 1947-48 to 1951-52 and ABA Rookie of the Year). When paired with a team, Rookie of the Year must be won with the team. When paired with another category, does not need to be in the same season. Awarded as Wilt Chamberlain Trophy since 2022-23.
Undrafted: Since 1947. Player must have not been selected in NBA draft, but played at least one game in NBA.